# Reference
<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

**Classes**

_Public Classes_

* [`randrust`](#randrust): Installs, configures and run's randrust.

_Private Classes_

* `randrust::config`: This class handles the configuration file.
* `randrust::install`: This class handles the randrust package.
* `randrust::service`: This class handles the randrust service.

## Classes

### randrust

Installs, configures and run's randrust.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include randrust
```

##### 

```puppet
$randrust::listen_port = 8080
$randrust::package_manage = false
include randrust
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `randrust` class.

##### `package_name`

Data type: `Array[String]`

Specifies the randrust package to manage. Default value: ['randrust'].

##### `package_manage`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether to manage the randrust package. Default value: true.

##### `package_ensure`

Data type: `String`

Whether to install the randrust package, and what version to install. Values: 'present', 'latest', or a specific version number.
Default value: 'present'.

##### `config_epp`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Specifies an absolute or relative file path to an EPP template for the config file. Example value: 'randrust/randrust.epp'.

##### `listen_port`

Data type: `Optional[Integer[0, 65535]]`

Specifies the listen port for randrust to serve traffic from.

##### `interface`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

NOTE: Only the default is supported currently

Specifies the interface to listen on. Default: '0.0.0.0'.

##### `package_ensure`

Whether to install the randrust package, and what version to install. Values: 'present', 'latest', or a specific version number.
Default value: 'present'.

##### `service_manage`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether to manage the randrust service.  Default value: true.

##### `service_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether to enable the randrust service at boot. Default value: true.

##### `service_ensure`

Data type: `Enum['running', 'stopped']`

Whether the randrust service should be running. Default value: 'running'.

##### `service_provider`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

NOTE: Only the default is supported currently.

Which service provider to use for randrust. Default value: 'undef'.

##### `service_name`

Data type: `String`

NOTE: Only the default is suppored currently.

The name of the randrust service to manage.

